feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapx` (#9220)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapx/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dapx

> Add a scalar constant to each element in a double-precision floating-point ndarray.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dapx = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapx' );
```

> #### dapx( x, alpha )

Reviewer: This isn't correct. You need to study https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dcusum. `alpha` should be a zero-dimensional ndarray and there should be only a single argument `arrays` containing two arrays: the input ndarray and the zero-dimensional ndarray corresponding to `alpha`.

This comment applies to your other PRs for `*apx`.

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2025 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# dapx

> > Add a scalar constant to each element in a double-precision floating-point ndarray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Add a scalar constant to each element in a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray.
```

Applies here and throughout this PR.

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var dapx = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapx' );
```

#### dapx( arrays )

Adds a scalar constant to each element in a double-precision floating-point ndarray.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/ctor' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ] );
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 4 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

var alpha = scalar2ndarray( 5.0, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});

var out = dapx( [ x, alpha ] );

> // returns <ndarray>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// returns <ndarray>[ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0 ]
```

Reviewer: Show what the expected values are.

var bool = ( out === x );
// returns true
```

The function has the following parameters:

> -   **arrays**: array-like object containing an input ndarray and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing the scalar constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **arrays**: array-like object containing a one-dimensional input ndarray and a zero-dimensional ndarray containing a scalar constant.
```

Note that indexing is relative to the first index. To introduce an offset, use [`ndarray`][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] view creation.

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/ctor' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

// Initial array:
var xbuf = new Float64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );

// Create an ndarray view:
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 3 ], [ 1 ], 2, 'row-major' );

var alpha = scalar2ndarray( 5.0, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});

var out = dapx( [ x, alpha ] );
// returns <ndarray>

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   The function **mutates** the input ndarray.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var discreteUniform = require( '@stdlib/random/array/discrete-uniform' );
var ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/ctor' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );
var dapx = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/dapx' );

var xbuf = discreteUniform( 10, 0, 100, {
    'dtype': 'float64'
});
var x = new ndarray( 'float64', xbuf, [ 10 ], [ 1 ], 0, 'row-major' );

> console.log( x.data );

Reviewer: Study other packages. Use `ndarray2array`.
